{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29200\viewh18400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ## These are supplementary instructions to the third party researcher section of the ESMARConf tutorial\
\
These instructions will help you to import data into the web version of the shiny app. \
For more information on the replicated ego-depletion effect, check out the presentation or the \'93ESMARConf_Tutorial_MultiLab_Researcher.qmd\'94 file on GitHub: \
https://github.com/JensFuenderich/MetaPipeX_Workshops/blob/main/ESMARConf_2023/ESMARConf_Tutorial_MultiLab_Researcher.qmd \
\
IMPORTANT: In the video-version of the tutorial (https://www.youtube.com/@esmarconf/videos) we provided an already preprocessed version of the data set (sorry, our bad!). That is why the steps in these instructions slightly deviate from what you see there. \
\
1.: Download the data from RRR4 (Hagger et al., 206) \
\
	https://osf.io/t3mns \
\
2. Open the MetaPipeX shiny app in your browser: \
	\
	https://www.apps.meta-rep.lmu.de/metapipe-x/ \
\
3.: Select the correct data type: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choose the type of data you want to use in the app from the dropdown menu:\'94 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
	\'93Individual Participant Data\'94 \
\
4. Select a data set: \
\
	Click \'93Browse\'85\'94 and select \'93\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 RRR-MergedSubjectData.csv\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'94 in your download folder. \
\
4. Specify relevant columns: \
\
	MultiLab \
	[x] Create a MultiLab column\
	\'93RRR4\'94 \
\
	ReplicationProject \
	[x] Create a MultiLab column\
	\'93Sripada\'94 \
\
	Replication \
	\'93Site\'94\
\
	DV \
	\'93ExGauss.I.RTVar.MSIT\'94 \
\
	Group\
	\'93Task\'94 \
\
	[x] Do you need to filter data? \
	Filter Variable \
	\'93Exclusions\'94\
	Filter \
	\'93x == 1\'94\
\
5. Run the analyses: \
\
	Click \'93Provide MetaPipeX data format to the app.\'94 \
\
6. Switch to the \'93Data Selection\'94 tab. Once a data table appears, the analyses are completed. \
\
7. Select variables of interest and choose a type of visualisation to explore them (for a quick impression on how to do this, the easiest way is to check the tutorial on YouTube).}